Add Terraform Module policy (#1450)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: code-security/policy-reference/supply-chain-policies/terraform-policies/ensure-terraform-module-sources-use-git-url-with-commit-hash-revision.adoc

== Terraform module sources do not use a git url with a commit hash revision

=== Policy Details 

[width=45%]
[cols="1,1"]
|=== 
|Prisma Cloud Policy ID 
| TBD

|Checkov ID 
| https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov/blob/main/checkov/terraform/checks/module/generic/RevisionHash.py[CKV_TF_1]

|Severity
|HIGH

|Subtype
|Build

|Frameworks
|Terraform

|=== 

=== Description

Terraform modules are a collection of multiple resource configuration to offer an easy way of repeatable and reusable code logic.
The most common way is to consume them through the public Terraform registry, which are connected to a VCS, like GitHub.

> These approach is problematic, because the versions are not immutable and can be easily changed, which makes the code vulnerable to a Supply Chain Attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach is problematic, because the module versions are not immutable and the module can be changed without changing the version, which makes the code vulnerable to a Supply Chain Attack.
```
